#178 AdnRelax Simple Setup 1.5 (#179)
Inbibo/adonisfx_docs: docs/maya/simple_setup.md

In the attribute editor of the AdnSimshape deformer, under the *Muscles Activation* section, the *Plug Values* will be enabled as a new valid *Activation Mode* option. To better visualize activations, press the ![AdnMuscle](images/adn_simshape_debugger.png){style="width:4%"} shelf button or go to AdonisFX Menu > Simshape (on the *Edit* group) > *Activations Debugger*.

## AdnRelax

> To create a basic scenario using the AdnRelax deformer, start with a scene with a mesh to apply the relaxation onto.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a basic scenario using the AdnRelax deformer, start with a scene with a mesh to apply the relaxation onto. This could be for example the simulated fascia layer.
```

Author: Done.

<figure>

>   <img src="images/simple_setup_relax_00.png">

Author: Done.

>   <figcaption><b>Figure 42</b>: Basic setup for AdnRelax. The mesh is the result of the fascia simulation. </figcaption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <figcaption><b>Figure 42</b>: Basic setup for AdnRelax. The mesh is the result of the fascia simulation to which AdnRelax is going be applied. </figcaption>
```

Author: Done.

</figure>

### Create Deformer

To create the AdnRelax deformer select the desired mesh and press the ![AdnRelax](images/adn_relax.png){style="width:4%"} shelf button or go to AdonisFX Menu > Deformers > *Relax*.

<figure>
  <img src="images/simple_setup_relax_01.png">

>   <figcaption><b>Figure 43</b>: AdnRelax creation scenario. </figcaption>

Author: Makes sense, done.

</figure>

> Iterations are set to 0 by default, increase the number to see the effect of the relaxation algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Iterations are set to 0 by default. To see the effect of the relaxation algorithm increase this number of iterations.
```

Author: Done.

### Paint Weights

> [!NOTE]
> AdnRelax requires the use of the Maya Paint tool (not the AdonisFX paint tool) for the paintable weights setup.

The AdnRelax paintable maps are flooded to 1.0 by default because they act as multipliers for the main relax attributes (i.e., *Smooth*, *Relax*, *Push In Ratio*, and *Push Out Ratio*). Therefore, the relaxation algorithm will be applied uniformly over the entire mesh unless the maps are adjusted.

> The deformed mesh can be refined in specific areas by modifying the multiplier maps. Flood a specific map to 0.0 and paint higher values in the areas where you want the relaxation algorithm to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deformed mesh can be refined in specific areas by modifying the multiplier maps. Flood a specific map to 0.0 and paint higher values in the areas where the relaxation algorithm should take effect.
```

Author: Done.

> The smoothing is modulated by the *Smooth Multiplier* map. Keep it flooded to 1.0 to smooth the surface of the entire mesh, or flood it to 0.0 and paint values of 1.0 in the areas that need smoothing (e.g., regions with undesired creases).

Reviewer 2: I would maybe remove "(e.g., regions with undesired creases)"

Author: Removed.

> The relaxation is modulated by the *Relax Multiplier* map. Keep it flooded to 1.0 to relax the surface of the entire mesh, or flood it to 0.0 and paint values of 1.0 in the areas that need relaxation (e.g., regions with over-compression or over-stretching).

Reviewer 2: About "(e.g., regions with over-compression or over-stretching)." ... Are you 100% sure that is the case?

Reviewer 2: I think it really depends on how the stretching and compression appears with respect to the point normals.

Author: Removed as for the smooth paragraph.

After smoothing and relaxation are applied, the mesh may lose some volume or detail. Push in and push out adjustments can be used to recover volume and detail. The attributes *Push In Ratio* and *Push Out Ratio* are set to 0.0 by default, to apply these adjustments, increase their values. Then, use the *Push In Ratio Multiplier* and *Push Out Ratio Multiplier* maps to modulate the specific areas where these adjustments will take effect.

> If a specific area shows volume loss, flood the *Push Out Ratio Multiplier* to 0.0 and paint values of 1.0 in areas that need to recover volume so that the push out adjustment moves the vertices outward in the direction of their normals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a specific area shows volume loss, flood the *Push Out Ratio Multiplier* to 0.0 and paint values of 1.0 in areas that need to recover volume so that the push out adjustment moves the vertices outward along their normals.
```

Author: Done.

## AdnRelax

To create a basic scenario using the AdnRelax deformer, start with a scene with a mesh to apply the relaxation onto. This could be for example the simulated fascia layer.

<figure>
  <img src="images/simple_setup_relax_00.png">

>   <figcaption><b>Figure 42</b>: Basic setup for AdnRelax. The mesh is the result of the fascia simulation to which AdnRelax is going be applied. </figcaption>

Reviewer: Sorry for that, missed one part
```suggestion
  <figcaption><b>Figure 42</b>: Basic setup for AdnRelax. The mesh is the result of the fascia simulation to which AdnRelax is going to be applied. </figcaption>
```

Author: Fixed.
